My 15-month old is still in diapers. Pretty much all the time. At this point we go through about 4 diapers/day. 
I have no idea when he pees, but I know he does it often. He drinks plenty, he pees often, and it's winter, so he is dressed in layers.
Trying to put him on a potty every 30 minutes or so would mean neither he nor I have much time for anything else. And what about the times we are not home?
My diaper-free ideals I had before he was born did not withstand. Im just very grateful for the existence of diapers. Particularlt the disposable ones...
Dear environment, please forgive me. I will do my best to make the smallest footprint, by following these guidelines:
1. Use only the most natural, biodegradbale non-chemically treated diapers that prove to have good absorbency, good dryness and be comfortable for my baby.
2. Be most economical in my use of diapers: 
   a. whenever possible and comfortable for my baby, let them fill as much as possible
   b. whenever possible put my baby on the potty to do #2 so that the diaper may continue serving
   c. whenever possible and comfortable for my baby, put him on a potty to pee, so that the diaper can serve longer
3. Dilligently follow the composting rules for the diapers to avoid getting them to the landfill
4. use only the most natural, biodegradable non-chemically treated wipes.

Allow me to mention right away that eco-friendly dipaers or wipes do not actually cost more than the most popular brands. 
We may discuss how to spend a lesser fortune on your diapers later on.

Now, here are some recommendations of products that met my high standards :)

Number one: Naty
My absolute favourite, especially for the wee ones. I have not held a dryer diaper in my hands! It is filled with an 
absorbent that gets bulkier that other diapers, but the dryness it offers is incomparable. The outer layer is made of 100% GM free, 
compostable, corn based film that is not only watertight but also “breathes” naturally. It feels more like paper to the touch, actually.
Just bear in mind, they fit smaller and get bulkier when wet, compared to other brands.
Hands down the best diaper for wee ones and for bedtime.
http://www.naty.com/baby-care/eco-nappies/

Number two: Seventh Generation
My second favourite. At first I did not like them as they seemed to feel wetter than Naty and I heard 
that the natural beige color of the diaper is not due to it being unbleached but due to a special dye. But as my little crawler gre into a bigger
more active crawler and then walker, I greew to appreciate the lightness, stretch and compactness of this diaper. They claim to contain absolutely 
no fragrances, petroleum-based lotions or chlorine processing. No mention of renewability or biodegradability. The outer layer of the diaper feels more plasticky than Naty.
It is amazing how they mamange to stay compact absorbing and that liquid. I definitely like they do not restrict the movement of my child as they bulk up.
This dipaer works great with active toddlers during the daytime.
https://shop.seventhgeneration.com/diapers-and-wipes/

Number three: Earths Best
These diapers claim to be free of chlorine bleaching, fragrances, latex abd dyes, and to be using fewer petrochemicals. They use natural absorbant, made from wheat and corn.
The ouer cover feels very waterproof, so it leaves an impression of soemthing less breathable, but my baby never had any diaper rashes wearing these.
They have good absorbency and feel dryer than the Seventh Generation ones. The downside and the reason I hardly ever use them is that they are difficult to find and tend to be more expensive.
http://www.earthsbest.com/node/59
